Look at the umbilical cord, there, how big it is, then eventually it will become smaller.
But initially, your intestine, at first, develops outside
of the peritoneal cavity.
Why? Because there's a large trophic supply there.
The trophic supply for the colon is what we call the superior mesenteric
artery.
Here in red, that corresponds to the aorta.
I have a first branch here that is forming
which is called the superior mesenteric artery
it's the axis of rotation
now we're going to see a counter-clockwise rotation
from front to back
at the same time, in this same dynamic
as the hepatogastric rotation
I have a tube
digestive, we notice that I also have a mesodermal type structure,
that is to say,
it's wrapped in tissue. This corresponds to what we call the future
umbilical spot, since it develops in the umbilicus, the
canal, at the
omphalomesenteric. The information is oriented in this direction.
In addition, we see that the
vessels are much more developed
around here. A small
tube here called the omphalomesenteric
canal, it comes into
the system in front here. I can clearly see
the axis here, we already see
a synchronicity that
is starting to happen between the stomach
and this phase of intestinal
rotation. If I have this placement
of the stomach going to the
left, it means that at the same time
I have the placement of my
liver to the right.
moment I have the placement of the lesser sac behind the stomach, so
I have a placement of
my heart that starts to move to the left, so I start to have splenic congestion
on the left, I start to have a downward movement, okay, all
that is in the same
dynamic, I see that I also have a good moment here, the colon here
starts to swell, so I
already see that I have an axis, the point of supply.
The fundamental support will be the superior mesenteric artery.
The superior mesenteric artery, on a vertebral plane,
corresponds to the D12-L1 axis,
which corresponds to the insertion zones of my diaphragmatic crura from D12 to L2.
to L2.
I have a new densification zone,
a fulcrum for the body, and it goes towards this axis.
If we take the same algorithm from the beginning,
start, it's differential speeds linked to polarities. I have again
an image of a
kind of polarity, a more important metabolic concentration towards the top compared
to less towards
the bottom. So the zone that will develop here, which will grow the fastest. And it will grow
so
fast that it will do this. It will descend. And this movement, if
it descends and one of them
grows slower, it will define a fulcrum.
fulcrum will appear and when I do that, it becomes a point of slower speed
and
this will form the beginning of my left colic flexure. I
have a relative ascent here
and I have a movement that is drawn and there it starts here. If we look at this drawing
first,
we see it transversally here. At the beginning it's here, it's very small.
it grows and it turns like this to face us.
Okay?
This is the image in space that you need to visualize.
First movement I could make.
Fulcrum.
It's especially important to give a fixed point to the left.
So, it's as if it was already almost at the right point.
the image is there and we see that it turns and there we see in relation to the axis that begins
little
by little to have a specific shape at the level of my mesos between this drawing here
and the next drawing
this is a landmark look where we find it it
is there there is a new fulcrum
important that appears it is there
It's this point of rotation, look, suddenly strange, there.
That means if I do the inverse,
one, it decreases in growth,
two, I take this movement and I do this.
The hand is there, I untie the knot that is here.
I have to untie that knot because it wasn't there.
You see, it's there, I don't have this knot.
tac, it does that.
And by doing that, I create this spirit.
This knot, you understand?
And I always have my fulcrum, that is to say, I have a second large fulcrum.
This will form the duodenojejunal flexure, I arrive in the depth of
my duodenal frame, finally,
where I find myself with my famous cone of fries,
with this very important fulcrum posteriorly,
but on a colic frame, I first have a fulcrum in the periphery, and
then a second.
fulcrum here and a third fulcrum that arrived here. What you should have in
your head is the formation of
growth. Growth,
it grows. It grows. At
the beginning,
it's a small tube and then it lengthens, it
lengthens first.
completely aspirated into the umbilical cord tube and
then at a given moment by the
growth there is a reabsorption towards the front first movement it does that 1 I
change
hands I take here 2
I take there 3 1 2
One, two, first
fulcrum, second fulcrum, third
mobile fulcrum.
The CECOM becomes the mobile fulcrum of development.
The first new one will be this.
Second level, on the fulcrums, it's here.
One, two.
Third level, three. Fourth level, it goes down here.
This is the most mobile point.
And look, we see a kind of coiling of my mesos.
First meso, the deepest, since it is one of the most important fulcrums
for development with the mesenteric artery.
It's the mesocolon.
which starts from this colon on the left up to the level of the
superior mesenteric artery
which passes behind here the duodenal frame up to the aortic junction
which goes up
along here behind up to the terminal part of
the descending colon
before the sigmoid part which will later form the root in
part of this mesosigmoid.
The second...
Level which will form this time the mesoduodenum, it is this phase of rotation
where we have a bit of this difficulty of three-dimensional representation because it is a relative ascent
in development.
In fact, it is a global lengthening in the system due to a rapid trophic supply.
And third level, it's the right fascia of Tolt
which inserts here above and along an
axis here, and then there will be
the entire root of the mesentery
which will be placed above
here, at the level of the small intestine.
I could put duodenum,
colon, small intestine.
First, fulcrum
at the level of my mesenteric
system, fulcrum
at the level of my left colic flexure,
fulcrum at the level of my duodenum
and terminal phase
at the level of my cecal angle
which, it, continues.
rotation phase, your whole life which thus becomes the mobile fulcrum
of my developing colic frame.
So the very first for the whole system will be the axis of the
mesenteric
artery, it's the aorta. I am attached, moored to the aorta. Secondly
it will be the left
colic flexure. Thirdly the relationship in the whole duodenal frame
with between the duodenojejunal junction
and then terminal at the level of the right colic, cecal angle,
which is the mobile fulcrum of the history of my rotation.
The omphalomesenteric canal, which was the axis of rotation in relation
to the mesenteric artery
for the entire development of my colic frame,
ends at a small remnant called Meckel's diverticulum,
which is therefore inside the cecum between the pubic axis and the cecum.
as if you want and the first day when we did work on the
brain I told you it is dependent in its development on the
digestive vascular
system I don't have a magnetic field pushing hard enough
it's that there's a loss somewhere in the system and so I reconnected
and I took a specific axis
A frequency to get back on it, to re-energize the electromagnetic fields in the
body.
It is the descent and integration of the cecum into
the right iliac fossa.
And all this intestine here will form the ileum and the jejunum.
All the small intestine is attached to
this root here which is only a free border of the mesocolon.
Lower right part, then a free border here with the
tip of the duodenum, its right part.
And then an important relationship on the vascular plane with my superior mesenteric artery
in a vertical axis here.
So at first, it happens outside and then inwards.
The first phases of rotation develop in the umbilical cord, outside the intestine.
And then in growth, there is a reality.
reintegration and that happens
in fact around. It's funny
because it's like I'm developing my astral body
and then I accept my future incarnation.
That's why miscarriages happen
generally before three months.
It is related to the reintegration
of your astral body. And there, we enter
into another plane anyway.
And the great dynamic for this development
the liver and the trophic gate.
From the front
frontal, it's
counter-clockwise. Transversal, it's a clockwise movement. At the beginning, we
really develop
in the anterior part of this umbilical cord which is still very large, since there is a
meeting of a pedicle and a vesicle. And we develop in this vessel space. In this
movement, there is this reintegration. You have to add all the movement of your mesos that
organizes within it. When you really have the reintegration of your external coelom,
first closure, you have this whole umbilical cord.
which begins to form, in this phase of reintegration towards the end of the third month,
there is really this umbilical cord that completes its purpose.
But it's already an umbilical cord anyway.
But the moment there is the first contact with the mother,
where it enters the mucosa, it's the seventh day.
And that's why it's the very first cavity.
It is not in contact with the mother, it is with the sky, it is what we call the coelom.
And the second cavity is the moment I enter my mucous membrane.
it's my amniotic cavity.
My amniotic cavity is the first relationship with my mother.
It will always be present, this amniotic cavity.
Because when I enter, I don't directly have contact through tissues,
but immediately I have an electrolytic exchange, I have a heat exchange,
so I have love, I have a glandular exchange,
I start to get hormonal information, I start to get oxygen.
The very first contact with your mother on a cellular
level, it's your seventh day.
After that, it will become more and more
defined and structured
into vessels, etc.
That's why we do IVF before
the seventh day.
During the first three days, it doesn't grow.
However, it increases its metabolic power.
And it is this increase
in this metabolic power
that creates the possibility
of an electric field on the syncytiotrophoblast
which will allow the activity
of cohesion, of encounter.
with the uterine mucosa so not only must the embryo itself be completely
I'm going, I'm ready, you see, I've reached my metabolic strength to get there and it must be that
the
mother is completely welcoming so the active force comes from the embryo so
the only
thing we can do is prepare the nest and that's important because many women
say yes I can't do it etc no it's the embryo that also makes its choice on an electrical plane
by a metabolic plane, because every time I make a cell division,
I relatively increase my membrane,
and so if I increase my membrane relative to my nucleus,
I actually increase a metabolic field here.
But at some point, I don't grow, but I have lots of small cells,
so I have a system with small nuclei each time,
so I have lots of metabolic fields that are ready.
And the whole forms a unique network.
This corresponds to the verdict of my diet.
The lower I am,
Everything that is irritating like coffee, coke, chocolate, certain spices,
milk is irritating, sweets are irritating,
and everything that is alcohol, raw food, anti-inflammatory, antibiotic,
destabilizes this framework and makes it sensitive and painful.
Then, as I move forward, I have the hepatic flexure,
and in this descent here, I have joy or anger.
When I go down here, I have everything that is my certainties or my doubts.
When I go up here,
in this phase, I have everything that is confidence or fear.
Up there, I have everything that is anxiety, my stomach, my spleen, etc.
When I'm stressed, when I'm anxious, it settles here,
with the lateral zone here that will express more fears at the kidney level, for example.
And then in this whole area here, I will have the ball of guilt,
I will have the area with the spleen, etc. at the level of nightmares,
and then when I go down the beginning here, I will have all my relationship.
with my mother.
And then in the depth here, I will have
the last trash can which is the whole connection
with my father. And I should
resolve all that.
Little by little, I do a work where I must
free myself, I must discover
and the body will explain it to you.
So it will lead you to your specific
zones. The ascending colon,
is the verdict of digestion.
It's what we call the place of your
injustices. Dietary
injustices too.
or swallowed crimes.
The colon does not mix, because the colon's main role is discernment.
discernment.
The transverse colon represents the humors of the soul.
Nature has very clearly separated the manifestation of anger, anxiety
and fear.
Anger is an active emotion, fear is often a passive emotion.
Anger signifies diseases of the bile.
Etymology tells us that there is a link between anger and poor
digestion.
The colon does not only express negative emotions.
It can also declare our joy, our confidence and our love.
The splenic flexure, it represents the ball of the guilty.
Guilt, a great disaster, if it is not a
true guilt that allows you to recognize your own place.
If you have done something wrong and you acknowledge it, you are in righteousness.
If you remain in your guilt, you are in disaster.
The colon is also an organ that works all the time.
It is practically never at rest.
So it's almost 24 hours a day.
It's like the heart that beats all the time.
Although the heart, finally, if we observe its dynamics, it rests twice
as much as it works.
It's also...
in certain movements, it is the guardian of the night,
the guardian of my nightmares
and my dreams.
If the soul is dark,
sleep is troubled.
Our states of mind
then take precedence over health.
The descending colon
represents in a certain way
our Oedipus complex.
It is the renunciation
of an exclusive relationship.
It's the problem of the family triad.
It's attachment.
It is the pressure, it is to regain our stability and our true independence,
to regain our freedom.
We can consider the appendix and the cecal fundus as a tonsil.
When the small intestine has found its shape and its mesenteric function,
at the age of 3, appendicitis can then fulfill its true defense function.
defense.
In children, for example, around 2-3 years old.
we do everything that is pyloric stenosis, 3-4 months the hiatal hernias, 1
to 3 years the
ileocecal intussusceptions, 3 to 5 years appendicitis or functional inflammatory state,
12-13 years appendicitis or inflammatory conditions, true appendicitis as
they say that can express themselves. So you see there is a kind of chronology that corresponds
in
fact to embryonic development because the embryo does not stop at birth,
it continues.
You can find, for example, very high appendicitis, sometimes in children,
because it has not completed this rotation phase, you see.
Whereas in the elderly, we will find it very low.
Appendicitis is really something important.
It's almost a place for bacteria production.
You have to be careful when treating a cecum.
It's something that can destabilize the body very, very strongly.
It's a place concentrated with information, both ancestral,
which is very quickly reactive on the tissue plane.
You have already noticed, because it is a tissue also related to fermentation.
It can suddenly swell and deflate.
The defense function will affect many functions,
especially in the oral cavity, at the level of the palatine, pharyngeal,
tubal tonsils.
That means that a large part of everything that is tonsillitis, everything that is pharyngitis,
etc.,
can be...
treated, in almost 80% of cases, by restabilizing the peritoneal
frame.
In a child, we first clear the root of the mesentery, which
is a royal arteriovenous pathway,
and we slightly stimulate the hepatic function.
And then, we normalize the global fascia.
And then, if necessary, we can work a little on the cecum.
In a child, we first clear the root of the root of the root of the root of the root.
does not completely normalize the colic frame because it is not yet in place. Whereas
in an adult, we start by raising the small intestine, we stabilize the
small
intestine and then we normalize the cecum. The cecum, always last. In
70%,
it is enough to balance the peritoneum for everything that is of the type
otitis, bronchitis,
diarrhea, etc. can be treated at that level.
provided it is an immune type plant.
The cecum has a sympathetic side, while the sigmoid
has more of a parasympathetic side.